Adding Modal component (#18156)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/component-library/modal/README.mdx

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import { Modal } from './modal';

# Modal

> The `Modal` is a component that renders a child outside of the normal document flow. It is useful for rendering a child on top of other content.

Author: Add that it is used together with `ModalOverlay`,`ModalContent` and `ModalHeader`

</Canvas>

```jsx
import React, { useState, useRef } from 'react';

import { BackgroundColor, BorderRadius, TextColor } from '../../../helpers/constants/design-system';

import Box from '../../ui/box'

import { Modal, ModalOverlay, ModalContent, ModalHeader, Text } from '../../component-library';

const modalContentRef = useRef<HTMLDivElement>(null);
const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);

const handleOnClick = () => {
  setOpen(true);
};

const handleOnClose = () => {
  setOpen(false);
};

<Button onClick={handleOnClick}>Open modal</Button>
<Modal
  modalContentRef={modalContentRef}
  isOpen={isOpen}
  onClose={handleOnClose}
>
  <Box
    backgroundColor={BackgroundColor.primaryDefault}
    padding={8}
    borderRadius={BorderRadius.LG}
    ref={modalContentRef}
  >
    <Text color={TextColor.primaryInverse}>Custom Modal</Text>{' '}
    <button onClick={handleOnClose}>Close</button>
  </Box>
</Modal>
```

### Is Closed On Outside Click

Use the `isClosedOnOutsideClick` prop to control whether the modal should close when the user clicks outside of the modal.

Defaults to `true`.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--is-closed-on-outside-click" />

> </Canvas>

Author: Add code example

### Is Closed On Escape Key

Use the `isClosedOnEscapeKey` prop to control whether the modal should close when the user presses the escape key.

Defaults to `true`.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--is-closed-on-escape-key" />
</Canvas>

> 

Author: Add code example

### Initial Focus Ref

Use the `initialFocusRef` to set the `ref` of the element to receive focus initially. This is useful for input elements that should receive focus when the modal opens.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--initial-focus-ref" />
</Canvas>

> 

Author: Add code example

### Final Focus Ref

Use the `finalFocusRef` to set the `ref` of the element to receive focus when the modal closes.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--final-focus-ref" />
</Canvas>

> 

Author: Add code example

### Restore Focus

Use the `restoreFocus` prop to restore focus to the element that triggered the `Modal` once it unmounts

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--restore-focus" />
</Canvas>

> 

Author: Add code example

### Auto Focus

If `true`, the first focusable element within the `children` will auto-focused once `Modal` mounts. Depending on the content of `Modal` this is usually the back or close button in the `ModalHeader`.

Defaults to `true`

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--auto-focus" />
</Canvas>

> 

Author: Add code example

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import { Modal } from './modal';

# Modal

> The `Modal` focuses the user's attention exclusively on information via a window that is overlaid on primary content. It uses `ModalOverlay`, `ModalContent` and `ModalHeader` to create a modal dialog.

Author: Change to 
```suggestion
The `Modal` focuses the user's attention exclusively on information via a window that is overlaid on primary content. It should be used with the `ModalOverlay`, `ModalContent` and `ModalHeader` components to create a complete modal.
```

const modalContentRef = useRef<HTMLDivElement>(null);
const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);

const handleOnClick = () => {
  setOpen(true);
};

const handleOnClose = () => {
  setOpen(false);
};

<Button onClick={handleOnClick}>OpenModal</Button>
<Modal
  isOpen={open}
  modalContentRef={modalContentRef}
  onClose={handleOnClose}
>
  <ModalOverlay />
  <ModalContent ref={modalContentRef}>
    <ModalHeader onClose={handleOnClose} onBack={handleOnClose}>
      Modal Header
    </ModalHeader>
    <Text>Children</Text>
  </ModalContent>
</Modal>
```

### Children

The `Modal` component is intended to be used with `ModalOverlay`, `ModalContent` and `ModalHeader`. However, if you want to use the `Modal` component as a portal to render a custom component without the other components, you can pass a custom child to the `Modal` component.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-modal--children" />
</Canvas>

```jsx
import React, { useState, useRef } from 'react';

import { BackgroundColor, BorderRadius, TextColor } from '../../../helpers/constants/design-system';

import Box from '../../ui/box'

> import { Modal, ModalOverlay, ModalContent, ModalHeader, Text, Button } from '../../component-library';

Author: Good catch thanks! Updated in https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/18156/commits/627858451d3098088fe9193d1d21824f56ef614a
